MVP Questions
In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the Property class?
  When we run the console file we make a new object called property1.
  When we call the function Property.all we return objects.
  Also the find and find_by_address methods return objects.
  When we return the objects, we are instantiating instances of the Property class.

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby Property object into the database?
  In the save method in the Property class file.

Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?
  property1.save modifies the database - we are calling the save method.

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a Property object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
  Because SQL gives us a new id when it's added to the database.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby Property object?
  In the save method, we assign the id that SQL returns to us.

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an if clause) on the @id attribute in the constructor?
  We have to check that there is an id number from SQL to assign to the new instance.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
  The class methods don't depend on their being any instances of the class. For example .find is a class method because there doesn't need to be any instances for it to run. However the .delete method needs there to be an instance already there for it to delete.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to db.exec_prepared()? In the save method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
  An array is returned from db.exec_prepared(). We access the id by saving the result of db.exec_prepared to a variable and then accessing the first index in the array to get the hash. Then using the key "id" to get the id number.
  @id = result[0]["id"]

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
  To protect against SQL injection attack.

Extension Questions
Look at the find_by_id and find_by_address methods in the Property class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
  find_by_id takes the id number (integer) as its argument and find_by_address take the address string as its argument.

Q11. What are their return values?
  They both return an object which is an instance of the property class.
